welcome to bro total sales once again
2010 Toyota hybrid Prius this is the one
you want fifty miles to the gallon and
this one only has nine thousand miles
from what I hear these are pretty
difficult sometimes to find out the
dealerships
because they're usually out of stock
this one with the package for comes with
the backup camera and the navigation has
heated seats plenty of room to carry any
cargo you need these times of high gas
prices this is definitely the way to go
and if you want to save the environment
with this electric and gas vehicle right
now the vehicle is running you can't
even tell it's running on electric this
one is equipped with the leather seats
inside
very easy to drive comfortable
see nothing wrong with the car body-wise
paint wise
heated seats
it's a little strange when you first get
in these things because uh there's no
gauges in front of you everything's in
the middle
let's see
I can show you all the functions of this
vehicle it tells you the past fuel
consumption
it tells you whether the vehicles
running charging there's your backup
camera all you have to do is press park
it's in park if you want neutral if you
want drive I mean everything's push
button you have Evy mode economy mode
power mode you also have your nav here
there we go it's got voice command
here's your Start button here's the key
guy still keeps in the plastic
as all the books has SOS safety connect
system
you need more information please give us
a call here at prodota sales at nine
seventy three two four two two five five
five nine thousand miles I'm in a brand
new vehicle nothing to talk about